EDU-471 cloud docs refresh branch (#2213)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud/operating-envelope-regions.md

---
id: operating-envelope-regions
title: Where is Temporal Cloud hosted and running?
sidebar_label: Regions
description: Temporal Cloud currently runs in 10 regions in AWS.
tags:
  - operations
  - temporal-cloud
  - explanation
---

> Temporal Cloud currently runs in 10 regions in Amazon Web Services (AWS).
> Although Temporal Cloud currently runs only on AWS, it works with applications running in any cloud or data center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal Cloud currently runs in 10 regions in Amazon Web Services (AWS):

- ap-northeast-1
- ap-southeast-1
- ap-southeast-2
- ca-central-1
- eu-central-1
- eu-west-1
- eu-west-2
- us-east-1
- us-east-2
- us-west-2

Although Temporal Cloud currently runs only on AWS, it works with applications running in any cloud or data center.
```

couldn't find this info anywhere on our site or in our docs. this seems like the right place for it.

---
id: operating-envelope-regions
title: Where is Temporal Cloud hosted and running?
sidebar_label: Regions
description: Temporal Cloud currently runs in 10 regions in AWS.
tags:
  - operations
  - temporal cloud
  - explanation
---

Temporal Cloud currently runs in 10 regions in Amazon Web Services (AWS):

| Code           | Region                   |
| -------------- | ------------------------ |
| ap-northeast-1 | Asia Pacific (Tokyo)     |
| ap-southeast-1 | Asia Pacific (Singapore) |
| ap-southeast-2 | Asia Pacific (Sydney)    |
| ca-central-1   | Canada (Central)         |
| eu-central-1   | EU (Frankfurt)           |
| eu-west-1      | EU (Ireland)             |
| eu-west-2      | EU (London)              |
| us-east-1      | US East (N. Virginia)    |
| us-east-2      | US East (Ohio)           |
| us-west-2      | US West (Oregon)         |

> Although Temporal Cloud currently runs only on AWS, it works with applications running in any cloud or data center.

Author: ```suggestion
Temporal Cloud currently runs in 10 regions in Amazon Web Services and it works with applications running in any cloud or data center.
```
